>> Jon Kuperman: Kinda just a chance to
get some hands-on experience with that.
If we go over to Exercises
we have a Page Jank exercise
here with a beautiful
frontend master logo.
Yeah, so the thing that we're gonna wanna
do here is we kinda have this concept.
We've got these little M's.
They're pretty smooth.
They're kind of animating up and
down the page until they hit the end.
There was like this really cool
demo I saw on somebody's Chrome
team's talk once that had something
like this and I couldn't find it so
I recreated it for this workshop.
[LAUGH] But what we start
seeing is as we add more M's,
they're supposed to be moving
at the same speed, right?
They should be really smooth still,
but they're not.
And the reason they're not is up for
you to find out.
[LAUGH] So what we'll wanna do is add 50
of those M's or add them until it gets
really Janky, open up the performance tab,
click start, let it run for
a second, click stop, and then start
looking into like what is going on,
why are we having page jank,
how much page jank are we having.
See if you can kind of getting
an idea of what is going on that.
So yeah, we'll do a break for maybe 15?
And then we'll come back, and
we'll go over it all together.
I'm just trying to get a feel for
how to know what's going on
with your runtime performance.